Fix for idempotent producer fatal errors, triggered after a possibly persisted message state (#4438)
confluentinc/librdkafka: CHANGELOG.md

 * Added Topic id to the metadata response which is part of the [KIP-516](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/KAFKA/KIP-516%3A+Topic+Identifiers)
 * Fixed ListConsumerGroupOffsets not fetching offsets for all the topics in a group with Apache Kafka version below 2.4.0.
 * Fix for idempotent producer fatal errors, triggered after a possibly persisted message state (#4438).

## Fixes

### Idempotent producer fixes

 * After a possibly persisted error, such as a disconnection or a timeout, next expected sequence

>    was increased, leading to a fatal error if the message wasn't persisted and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   used to increase, leading to a fatal error if the message wasn't persisted and
```
